## Privacy Policy

### Introduction

Our privacy policy will help you understand what information we collect at
screen_pal, how screen_pal uses it, and what choices you have. screen_pal built
the "Screen Pal" app as a free app. This SERVICE is provided by screen_pal at no
cost and is intended for use as is. If you choose to use our Service, then you
agree to the collection and use of information in relation with this policy. The
Personal Information that we collect are used for providing and improving the
Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as
described in this Privacy Policy.  
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and
Conditions, which is accessible in our website, unless otherwise defined in this
Privacy Policy.

### Information Collection and Use

We want to make it clear that "Screen Pal" does not collect any user data other
than app settings. We do not collect personally identifiable information, and we
respect your privacy.

### Cookies

Our Service does not use cookies for collecting user data. We may use cookies
for technical purposes related to the functioning of the app, but they do not
collect any personal information.

### Location Information

We do not collect location information from your device.

### Device Information

We collect information from your device in some cases. The information will be
utilized for the provision of better service and to prevent fraudulent acts.
Additionally, such information will not include that which will identify the
individual user.

### Service Providers

We may engage third-party companies and individuals for various purposes related
to the technical operation of the app. However, they do not have access to any
user data since we do not collect such data.

### Security

We take the security of your app seriously. We use commercially acceptable means
to protect any data collected for the purpose of enhancing the user experience.
But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of
electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its
absolute security.

### Childrenâ€™s Privacy

Our Services do not target anyone under the age of 13. Since we do not collect
personal data, there is no need to address children's privacy concerns in this
context.

### Changes to This Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to
review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes
by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective
immediately, after they are posted on this page.

### Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not
hesitate to contact us.  

Contact Information:  
Email: keidscode@gmail.com
