# Privacy Policy

Effective Date: November 26th, 2023

When using any of our products or interacting with
[keidsid.github.io/screen_pal/](https://keidsid.github.io/screen_pal/) which is
owned and operated by KeidsID ("We", "Our", or "Us") that do not have a separate
privacy policy, you consent to the collection, transfer, storage, processing,
disclosure and use of your information as described in this Privacy Policy. This
includes any information you choose to provide that is deemed sensitive under
applicable law. If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy, you
should not use our products (a Screen Pal app, or site), or access or interact
with any other aspect of our's business.

BY ACCEPTING THE PRIVACY POLICY, YOU AUTHORIZE US TO USE AND SHARE WITH OTHER
KEIDSID AFFILIATES, AS WELL AS CERTAIN TRUSTED BUSINESS PARTNERS AND SERVICE
PROVIDERS CERTAIN, WHICH MAY BE LOCATED OUTSIDE OF YOUR COUNTRY OF RESIDENCE
(INCLUDING COUNTRIES THAT DO NOT PROVIDE THE SAME LEVEL OF PROTECTION FOR THE
PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATA THE SAME AS YOUR COUNTRY OF RESIDENCE) INFORMATION
PROVIDED BY YOU TO US (WHICH WE ARE UNABLE TO COLLECT AT THE MOMENT). YOU
ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE TO THE IMPORTANCE OF SHARING SUCH INFORMATION FOR THE
PROVISION OF OUR PRODUCTS. THIS CONSENT IS GIVEN FOR FOR THE DURATION OF YOUR
RELATIONSHIP WITH US.

## Information Collection and Use

We want to be transparent about the information we do not collect. Our app does
not gather any personal information, and users cannot provide such information
through our app. Additionally, we do not collect log data or use cookies.

## Service Providers

We may utilize the services of a third-party data provider to enhance the
functionality of our App. These third-party providers may collect and process
certain information about you. Please refer to their respective privacy policies
for more details on how they handle your data:

- [The Movie DB - Privacy Policy](https://www.themoviedb.org/privacy-policy)

## Children's Privacy

Our App are not directed to children under the age of 18 and we do not knowingly
collect personally identifiable information or personal data from children
under 18. If we learn that we have inadvertently gathered personally
identifiable information from a child under 18, we will take reasonable measures
to remove that information from our records. If you are a parent of a child
under age 18 and become aware that your child has provided personally
identifiable information to us, please contact us at keidscode@gmail.com and you
may request to exercise your applicable access, rectification, cancellation,
and/or objection rights.

## Changes

We may update this policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes
by posting the new policy online on this page, and if the changes are
significant, we will provide a more prominent notice. It is your responsibility
to read this Privacy Policy carefully and review any changes that may have been
made. Because changes will be posted on this page, we encourage you to check
this page regularly.

## Contact Us

If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact
us at keidscode@gmail.com.
