# Terms of Use

Last updated: November 19th, 2023

The Screen Pal (https://keidsid.github.io/screen_pal/ or the mobile app operated
by KeidsID ("We," "Us," or "Our")) allows You to:

- View this site to find information about movies or TV shows.

These Terms of Use explain the terms and conditions that apply to Your use of
this Site and Services. The terms and conditions in these Terms of Use that
apply to the Site apply equally to the Services, and vice versa. Regardless of
how You use the Site or the Services, Your use of, and conduct on, the Site, and
use of the Services is governed by these Terms of Use and the app
[Privacy Policy](https://github.com/KeidsID/screen_pal/blob/main/policies/privacy-policy.md).

BY USING THE MOBILE APP/SITE IN ANY MANNER, YOU UNCONDITIONALLY CONSENT AND
AGREE TO BE BOUND BY AND BE A PARTY TO THESE TERMS OF USE AND THE SITEâ€™S PRIVACY
POLICY. IF YOU DISAGREE WITH ANY OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS IN EITHER THESE
TERMS OF USE OR THE PRIVACY POLICY, DO NOT USE THE MOBILE APP/SITE.

## Intellectual Property

The App and its original content, features, and functionality are owned by
KeidsID and are protected by international copyright, trademark, patent, trade
secret, and other intellectual property or proprietary rights laws.

We grants you the freedom to use the App in any way you see fit, subject to the
following conditions:

1. The App is licensed under the
   [MIT License](https://github.com/KeidsID/screen_pal/blob/main/LICENSE). By
   using the App, you agree to comply with the terms of this license.

## User Content

The App does not allow users to submit or upload any content.

## Limitation of Liability

In no event shall KeidsID be liable for any indirect, incidental, special,
consequential, or punitive damages, or any loss of profits or revenues, whether
incurred directly or indirectly, or any loss of data, use, goodwill, or other
intangible losses, resulting from:

1. Your access to or use of or inability to access or use the App.
2. Any conduct or content of any third party on the App.

We are not responsible for these damages as outlined above.

## Governing Law

These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of
Indonesia, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.

## Changes

We may update this terms from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by
posting the new terms online on this page, and if the changes are significant,
we will provide a more prominent notice. It is your responsibility to read this
Terms of Use carefully and review any changes that may have been made. Because
changes will be posted on this page, we encourage you to check this page
regularly.

## Contact Us

If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us at
keidscode@gmail.com.
